hey guys before we get into it I just
like to say that this video is sponsored
by Nvidia and PC specialists using
Nvidia's r-tx GPUs you can experience
Minecraft for Windows 10 with advanced
path tracing allowing for amazing
visuals like this and with PC
specialists Europe's leading system
integrator you can create your own PC
using that easy to use online
configurator they'll build tests and
deliver your rig to your door you can
use the link in the description to build
your own r-tx ready rig now check out
the link in the description to have a go
just a heads up as well this is a beta
build of the r-tx shaders so there will
be some glitches here and there you
can't load up your own world in survival
and mess with these shaders but it is
recommended that you try out the r-tx
pack that you can find in the
marketplace
thank you again nvidia and pc
specialists for sponsoring this video
without further adieu let's get in with
ya it's finally out so I've been
fiddling around we're trying to get a
certain world into my bedrock Windows 10
edition of Minecraft can you guess what
world it would be I've managed to get it
working
the only things are off-limits are the
end realm and the nether realm those
didn't get carried over there's a weird
conversion problem with that at the
moment so the only thing we have the
visit is the overworld but there's
plenty of [__] in the overworld in
season two right oh I've got to do
something real quick chat chat you go up
here inside the content minecraft for
Windows 10 then you go in here as a join
button doesn't have me seen drugs every
day there's a join button here and then
you get the option to select Windows 10
RTX beer and after you've done that this
will automatically update so it could
take a little while but it will
eventually update to the new version the
new beta version now be once any worlds
that you already had you got to make
copies off because if you play them in
this version they'll get a little bit
scuffed it's not meant to be used for
anything else should we mute alerts for
this so we can just fully experience
this thing I'm even gonna load up some
beautiful minecraft music so we can just
chill out yeah
alright I'll mute the alerts we're gonna
get real cozy so now some of you will
recognize straight away where I am in
the season 2 world there's only a few of
you that I'll get this location straight
away
this is one of my early early minds and
season two like super early and it's
really really close to a particular
build that all of you know we're gonna
just hop up here oh man let's give time
set mate it's very pretty I just hope
nothing breaks because I'm streaming at
the same time and I did some testing and
it seemed stable oh you can see that I
can see the glue from the Paul
[Music]
or reflects
that looks nuts I really really wanted
to look at season two's Wells with Artie
actuators and my god is pretty nuts I
want to see the island is an island back
here there's a floating island let me
get on the floor Jesus it's it's showing
me all of the torches all of the
separate bits of light individually its
refracting the port dude this is nuts
that's actually in saying holy [__]
that's crazy
Jews
that is so cool look at the war I do
look at look at that odds orange
[Laughter]
is so pretty okay
so there's actually a couple of little
areas we can walk through I was curious
what they would look like on the ground
so we'll go down there now how do I get
in here again I've completely forgotten
oh there's like a little pocket here it
is
all right underwater looks absolutely
incredible can I just say it like holy
that's so good
shiny boy oh you sound like a purple
glue to them as well sick you know
what's what's really depressing about
this this world now right they're not
the fact that it's gone
not the fact that it's gone but the fact
that all my dogs don't know who I am
they're just wild wolves now they're
just wandering around I used to have a
bunch around my portals and they just
wandered off dude
they're down there now and [__] just
wandering about so then that at the end
realm are off-limits things are a bit
messy conversion didn't work and I
couldn't get it to work so we can't go
to the nether which to be fair there
wasn't really anything there anyway
luckily for us the really nice pretty
stuff in my season 2 world is in you
overworld there it is
it looks like a render dude it legit
just looks like a render that's someone
just let their PC do for like 20 hours
but it's in real time all right so
here's chaos caverns feels like I'm in a
render like I can't get over dude it's
so weird I don't feel like I'm playing
like the game it's like I'm just kind of
flowing around
in a render of the game but now it's all
and it's all in real-time everything's
in real-time we still have the guardians
in here oh yeah they're still kicking
barely that one really is not having a
good time
holy [__] let me explain what is
actually below me I put lava underneath
the glass and then put water on top of
the glass holy [__] the glass is just
bending it to just look like a ball we
have a son MK oh my god there they go
that sounds mental look I don't do that
but looks ridiculous oh these little
hands popping out
I've even made an igloo down here too I
want to check out the igloo Oh check
this out I wonder if whoa dude
hey cow all right next up zombie Biss
should we fly through to exit out of
chaos caverns oh my god
it looks even better from buying want
them
that is so sick okay that legit looks
like something out with minecraft
hundred 100% these are T actually
there's a nuts dude absolutely clearly
next up we're gonna go straight to
zombie base now that's the next one on
the list then from zombie BS we can go
to a spawn junk island and then spawn
chunk islands to Sky see and then the
last stop we could make the the witch
farm where I died zombie base is pretty
chill oh my God look at them it's not
the night been going in that house don't
even care it's nighttime they're just
like now I'm good so this used to all be
desert and I heated it for sand long
time ago and then decided to fix it why
I did a lot in season 2 is I just moved
my [__] to the location of the big bill
that was working on now just go from
there I'm not trying night vision that
route that literally ruins the whole
point of what we did why would I try
night vision chat do night vision so you
can't see any of the any of the light
and the contrasts between the dark and
the lights okay now I'm good
you're really totally final fps right
now holy [__] we're at 16 chunks
alright spawn choke island nice and
basic we could sit here for a little bit
and then we're just gonna go straight to
Sky see there's not much going on here
14 the towers brah I'm gonna be there
for like 20 minutes maybe half an hour
doing that [__] you'd see and that was
gonna be the plan we were gonna have
like a bunch of towers I was gonna make
all of this this whole spawn show guy
has pretty much become this we can go
straight up
Oh
oh my god so this is quartz but I think
because we're underneath an island that
straight up looks like a render I think
because we're under an island it's
messing with the lighting a little bit
so it's really like I don't know what
look like inside here that's so cool oh
that just that shot alone this looks so
good
I'm gonna have some new wallpaper
material do we turn the clouds are on or
off chat I used to have I used to play
with them off denim off wait wait wait
it's gonna be night soon I'm just
leaving it Oh wish we were well if I
likes it here oh my God look at that
look at that Jesus
like actually speechless hey we've got a
little bit time left we go a little bit
time left I'm gonna get up to the top
there's tons of them I might be able to
kill them if I'm fast enough for will
say but I know that's exactly what's
causing lag look it's not like how many
cows I had there at all
not all hold by add chat just let them
die it's for the best
it's it's for the best I'm sorry I'm so
sorry
[Laughter]
[Music]
I think we fix the like as a good fight
huh
I'm a terrible person
um this fall that's trippy ooh it's
doing that thing chat it's doing that
thing where the glass like bends what's
underneath it and because this whole
thing is covered in glass the texture
floor that I placed is like refracting
it's so trippy oh yeah there we go there
we go in be a Belial Mountain returned
to its former glory these these
[__] need to go that we don't talk
about that chat alright we just keep
moving whoa okay now I really want to
see this place that nice mm-hmm
give me a second shot I just want to
look inside here ah my wheat it's so
cute
okay yeah all right whoa it looks like
voice doesn't it chat it legit looks
like boys whole yeah the absolute center
is - its - I'd have to be like here in
the glass p.m. ready to be fully centers
[Laughter]
yeah I'd ride this all out
and as you can see there's a pattern
it's completely symmetrical as well I
went through quite a bit of sand well we
get like the corner effect look at that
all the sunrise we can't miss that
I love this so much oh my god okay it's
not gonna get any better than that shot
I'm just just sayin just sayin I think
Sky City was the absolute pinnacle of
what the arty shooters could do if I see
the two worlds whoa holy [__] it's legit
right there like it thinks there's light
down here cause it can't render it it's
so [__] huge maybe it's from the
edges I mind a lot chat we were at like
3.2 million stone broken do I just put
it up to the highest render distance
[Music]
oh yeah that's definitely a spookier all
right you want to see how much cool I
had have some redstone as vocal as more
cool as all my iron there's some more
[__] this is the beginning of the coral
reef heat I wanted to bring a bunch of
coral stuff here yeah I had a lot I had
I had a little bit I had just a little
bit in season to chat I was not [__]
around I'd been down here digging for
eight months so cool to see that this
again all right should we go to the spot
where I died
this is the cave dude I popped through
this bit I popped him right here it's
where the baby zombie was hiding right
underneath me I put down some torches
is where Iran is why it dies right here
it's about a creeper came from this is
it chat where all happens one year ago
I'm totally fine no PTSD here nope
find him
but the girl let me down yet so creeper
reenacted
sign down to see an F god damn it dude
but it led me it led me to this point so
I can't argue honestly that God could
play him right I had to die at some
point it was 24th of April
damn f SunShot boys let me out the one
they're looking at anymore these shaders
are incredible man holy [__]
absolute incredible all right I can't
think of anywhere else we can go in
there I think that's everything that's
everything in the in the overworld we
can't reach anything else although I
haven't been at sky stat you with the
maximum render distance on that's the
thing well I don't know if we'll get
there boys hold my hand
this might be the end of stream if it
crashes would it corrupts the world if
it crashes of a done dude I tested it so
much yeah
it's a big smile on my face I'm just
happy I got to make this you know this
and chaos caverns were like my favorite
I'm just glad I got to make them I got
to finish them the witch farm it could
have been amazing but honestly it was
nowhere near as as cool as these places
it will arrival them when it got
finished but I don't know sky city
definitely holds a special place in my
heart for definite see what it looks
like from one of my favorite spots this
is why I used to like stand and fish
usually I love how you can see the lava
glowing dude it's like pulsing
yeah I was really proud of this place I
love how cool that looks
I love how coolest looks from the very
bottom you get like right up on it right
there like cows tool as well views
what the [__] did oh that was so good
whoa the way just like blended through
the colors and then Milo was just like I
say Milo is supposed to fake Milo not
the real Milo just kind of like swamp
ass
this makes me big happy
that makes me all warm and fuzzy inside
okay I'm super surprised at how stable
this is right now honestly I was
expecting the crash I have put
everything on max I have maxed
everything and it's still just chillin
I'm surprised I landed that
let's get to the viewing platform like
my favorite spot the ghoul - oh yeah I
didn't even go inside this place dude
oh yeah that's right
I just didn't put lights in here dude
there's no lights at all of course it's
gonna be big spooks the only place that
has life is the the middle
hey gussy lenses chilling there
yes
I swear I didn't mean the time that Oh
midnight midnight time it's like it
tries to it's the things on the very
edge it's like oh it's bright here that
like slowly dims I think if you get
closer it dims faster
it's like the first spot that we went to
we started the stream oh oh all the
frames all the frames oh okay we got
there look at it all right we're going
back looks just as just as amazing it's
so cool I love how it bends things it
bends the light around it's just my
favorite part about these these years
how are you looking through a glass of
water it just bends everything Oh didn't
even see that look at that from a
distance little umbrella dime is
although he comes normal life it's so
pretty I really like this I really
enjoyed this Jack I hope you enjoyed
this - it was a lot of fun and
surprisingly I got sponsored to do it
which I was not expecting that was POG
your boy got sponsored to do this I'll
do that thing that Kristen wanted me to
do that's with that's with the seeing
[__] that's outside it's reflecting
things behind it
all the things like opposite logo over
there
look reflecting this it's so cool okay
time to get real trippy with this once
we get in this thing it's gonna be big
disorientation mood I'm not gonna be the
way the [__] I'm way I'm like what I'm
doing
Kristen while should we try Netta Paula
maybe
[Music]
you know that's something out of a movie
dude look at this silhouette we just put
another poll on here I guess big trip
yeah if Citian actually looks like
obsidian you're right Chris that looks
so good
holy [__] what if
brah
[Laughter]
that's so cool oh my god so how close so
much better maybe cuz never really it
looks like I'm on fire I love this I
love this so much
it's much of a nightmare room we've just
created it looks amazing I just say it
looks pretty incredible alright gonna
call and they did thank you all so much
for support tonight and thank you for
coming out like I said this is like the
second sponsor I've ever done and it was
pretty park so thank you for showing up
and thank you for sticking around and
making that really really cool I had a
lot of fun
bye guys boy
[Music]